:book: docs: add pre-release actions to release guide (#373)
rancher/cluster-api-provider-rke2: docs/release.md

- CAPRKE2 minor versions (v0.**2**.0 versus v0.**1**.0) are released every 3-4 months.
- CAPRKE2 patch versions (v0.2.**2** versus v0.2.**1**) are released as often as weekly or once a month. 

## Pre release operations

Before publishing a new release, it must be added to `metadata.yaml`:
```
apiVersion: clusterctl.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1alpha3
kind: Metadata
releaseSeries:
  - major: 0
    minor: 1
    contract: v1beta1
  - major: 0
    minor: 2
    contract: v1beta1
  ...
  - major: x
    minor: x

>     contract: x

Reviewer: Can this action be automated? So that a new TAG pushed will generate an update to the `metadata.yaml` and open a PR? This text only workflow is error prone.

Author: I thought the same but, since `metadata.yaml` must be updated before release is created, I think new tag pushed would not be a valid trigger, would it?

Reviewer: Also https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_release_upload

Reviewer 2: We need to update [e2e tests](https://github.com/rancher/cluster-api-provider-rke2/pull/372/files#diff-868dcd8976a79a1736e0bfe328a5100bd09c295509f0c3edd3f1d6baa72ff4aaR131-R132) and adjust e2e [configuration](https://github.com/rancher/cluster-api-provider-rke2/pull/372/files#diff-ab7361332a44af21b677fd39f4879f842f0b117aa60721a338967e49fe8894c4R91-R103) as well manually, so automating it at this point seems to be overkill to me.

This will trigger a [release GitHub action](https://github.com/rancher/cluster-api-provider-rke2/blob/main/.github/workflows/release.yml) that creates a release with RKE2 provider components.

> ## Post release operations

Reviewer: It is pre-release action. `metadata.yaml` needs to be included into release payload. If it happens after, another release is needed

Author: Thanks for reporting this. It is fixed now.

This will trigger a [release GitHub action](https://github.com/rancher/cluster-api-provider-rke2/blob/main/.github/workflows/release.yml) that creates a release with RKE2 provider components.

## Tasks

### Prepare main branch for development of the new release

The goal of this task is to bump the versions on the main branch so that the upcoming release version is used for e.g. local development and e2e tests. We also modify tests so that they are testing the previous release.

This comes down to changing occurrences of the old version to the new version, e.g. v1.5 to v1.6, and preparing `metadata.yaml` for a future release version:

#### 1. Update E2E tests

Existing E2E tests that point to a specific version need to be updated to use the new version instead.

> 1. Add the new release to the list of providers in `test/e2e/config/e2e_conf.yaml` following the format used for previous versions.

Reviewer 2: to be specific, this is not adding a new release (simply it is not available yet), but rather changing provider version from i.e `v0.5.99` to `v0.6.99`   - fake upcoming provider version to be tested locally instead of actual GH release

2. Update bootstrap/control plane versions* inside function `initUpgradableBootstrapCluster` in `test/e2e/e2e_suite_test.go`.
3. Edit upgrade test* in `test/e2e/e2e_upgrade_test.go`.

> *To maintain the upgrade test concise and clean, and avoid a growing list of versions, it is required to maintain N-2 minor as starting version (e.g. if releasing version v4.x, starting version is v2.x and upgrade is as follows: v2.x -> v3.x -> v4.x).

Reviewer 2: It was decided offline that we keep N-1 -> N upgrade tests only and same was implemented in https://github.com/rancher/cluster-api-provider-rke2/pull/398/commits/bc00f06ef2840a7be8c8cfe5cd1b654536a9068f, so:
```suggestion
*To maintain the upgrade test concise and clean, and avoid a growing list of versions, it is required to maintain N-1 minor as a starting version (e.g. if releasing version v4.x, starting version is v3.x and the upgrade is as follows: v3.x -> v4.x).
```
